Our events now include a version numbers, which is fantastic.
So we're now going to move over to our orders service inside of our order service.
We will eventually wire up that update if current plug in inside of our order model.
But right now we're going to focus on making our ticket work correctly.
So I want to make sure that we wire up that plug in to the ticket model inside of orders.
And I want to make sure that we execute all the appropriate logic inside of the ticket.
Updated Listener So in other words, I want to go through the process that we've described many times
where we receive some kind of event and then we run some kind of query to try to find a ticket with
the same ID and the version minus one.
So in this case version of to subtract one, that gives us one and we would be looking for this version
right here.
We would then apply our updates to this record, and when we save it, we would want to see that version
number automatically incremented for us.
So that is what we're focused on right now.
We want to make sure the ticket updated events get wired up properly.
So to get started, we're going to first install that plug in into our order service and we're going
to do that at the terminal.
So at my terminal.
I'm inside of my orders service directory and I'll do an NP pm install mongoose update if current.
Kat.
So it's pretty small.
Should install it rather quickly.
Yep.
Looks good.
So we'll now go back over to my ticket model file inside of the orders service.
So here's the order service.
I'll find the ticket model file and we're going to wire up the same series of steps that we had done
back inside the ticket file inside of our ticket service.
We're going to import the plug in at the top, wired up to the schema and list this new version property
inside of our ticket dock interface.
So at the very top we will begin by importing update if current plugin.
From Mongoose update if current.
I'll then go down to my schema.
So here's ticket schema right after it.
We'll put in to get schema set version, key and version.
And then ticket schema plugin update if current.
Plug in like so.
Then finally up inside of our ticket doc interface.
We'll add in the version property.
And again, this is just here.
So we can eventually write out code like ticket version without having TypeScript complain at us.
Okay.
So that is it.
We are now using this plug in with the ticket model inside the order service.
So now we're going to focus on making our listener work correctly.
We're going to make sure that the ticket updated listener is going to receive these events.
It's going to reach into the database and try to find a record with IDC's.
Q And whatever the event's version is, minus one.
So in this case, we'd be looking for a version of one inside the database.
If we do not find some ticket, we would throw an error and say, Hey, something's wrong here.
We were not able to find the appropriate ticket.
So inside of our Events Listeners directory, I'm going to find ticket updated listener.
We're then going to take a look at the query they execute right here and we're going to adjust that
query.
So we're going to make sure that the query we run is what we just described.
Find the ticket with Q and the appropriate version.
So I'm going to remove the fine buy ID.
We can't use that query or that little helper to make the query any more because now we want to make
a query based on two different criteria, both the ID and the version number.
So we're going to change this to a find one.
Well, then put in an object and list the filter or search criteria inside of here.
So we want to find a ticket with an ID.
Notice how its underscore ID of data ID.
And a version of data, version minus one.
If we mouse over a ticket updated event right here or do a command click on it, we should see that
this thing now has the version property.
If you do not see that, you'll want to restart your code editor because remember we did just update
that common module.
So that's where we are getting the version from is contained inside the event.
Now.
So we're going to run that query.
And again for the 20th time inside this course, if we do not find that ticket right there, it means
we must be processing events out of order.
And so an example of that would be if we are on version three too early, we would take version three,
subtract one, that would give us version two, and there's no record inside of our database with the
appropriate version.
So oops, we won't find the ticket and we would end up throwing an error right here or something.
It says Ticket not found.
And that's pretty much it.
So now we can make our updates to the ticket.
We can set the new title and price on there and then save the record.
And once we save that record, that is why we just wired up this update if current plug in to the ticket
model inside the order service.
So when we save this thing, it's going to increment the version to match the version that just came
in the event.
Okay.
That's pretty much it.
Let's save this thing.
And then to test it, we're going to use postman with postman.
We're going to manually create a ticket and then try to update it.
And we're just going to make sure that all of our code for right now runs without any kind of error.
We don't really have anything to verify and say that it's handling concurrency correctly right here.
But we'll take a look at an example of how it's going to fix that stuff in just a little bit.
Yeah.
So inside a postman.
I'm going to first go to my tab where I am making a post request to API tickets.
I am of course going to make sure I'm authenticated really quickly as well.
So API users, current user.
Yep, I'm authenticated.
So post requests to API tickets and I'll put in a title and a price.
I'm going to send that off and here is my created ticket.
If I go over to scaffold really quickly, I should see some event saying something around, Hey, we
have published this event and receive the event as well.
So if we take a look at scaffold really quick.
Yep.
There we go.
Publish ticket created and received.
Ticket created.
So now take the ID of the ticket that I just made, and I'm going to try to make an update to this ticket.
So I'll go over to my put request tab.
Over on this put request tab.
I'll make sure that I am making a put request to API slash tickets.
I'm then going to put in the ID of the record that we just created a moment ago.
So remember, we can get that from the post request tab that ID right there.
I'm going to throw it in at the very end of the URL.
I'll then make sure that there is some new price listed in here.
Then finally, I'm going to send this off.
Okay.
Let's go back over to Scaffold and see how we're doing.
So it looks like I was able to successfully process the created and the update as well.
And in theory, this should now solve a lot of these different concurrency issues.
But it's kind of hard to see that from the limited style of testing that we have right now.
So we going to take a quick pause.
We're going to come back the next video and we're going to try to run that little test script I put
together again and see if there's still any disagreement between the records on our order service and
the ticket service.
So let's take a look at that in just a moment.